= Overview of Current Files

== ChiseledMap

This is a very simple but pretty useful persistent ConcurrentMap implementation.
At it's core, it has an in-memory map of keys to disk locations, then a append
only log for storing key+value. The log on disk never gets smaller, though you
can compact it to another file.
 
== DumbCLIParse

Oh, lord, how many times do I need a quick and dirty CLI parser to throw
together some one-off scripty Java tool. Well, here it is.

== JSONOne

Single file JSON library. Parser, printer, JSON value objects for programmatic
use. Not necessary in this world, but fun to write.

== LittleCASPaxos

This was a challenge; Multi-Paxos and Raft are pretty dang complicated to
implement, but Single Decree Paxos is pretty interesting, and not nearly as
complicated. Lots and lots of credit to Denis Rystov for his blog posts and
eventual paper on what he called CASPaxos.

This class is a paxos framework for KV storage, users have to provide
network and storage objects to build a node.

== PegLegParser

This is fairly neat; taking inspiration from the Parboiled parser framework, it
allows you to express a PEG grammar very easily and naturally in Java code
directly. By using lambdas, you avoid all the needed bytecode manipulation,
proxying, etc. By using lambdas for callbacks, you sidestep recursive issues as
well.

By doing things directly in the code, you avoid generated files, learning a new
syntax, adding another plugin in your build system. 

See the doc in src/docs for more info.

This one is *right* up against the 1000 line limit, btw. Tension between 
commenting and not was very high.     

== PojoClientServer

Client and Server objects over Java blocking sockets. Expects to send, receive,
or send-and-receive POJOs, using either java Serialization or a provided
serialization strategy.

== ProxyMe

Proxy an interface, and then provide a midpoint in the proxy chain where you can
tap in and ship the invocation to the server site, and then ship the return
value back and complete the operation. Stupid prototype RPC mechanism if you
couple it with some network transport backplane.
